[FIX] Fix typos, grammar, and formatting across documentation (#394)
neurobagel/documentation: docs/data_models/graph_data.md

## Overview
Using the Neurobagel CLI (see also the [section on the CLI](../user_guide/cli.md)),

> a Neurobagel data dictionary (`.json`) for a dataset can be processed together with the corresponding tabular data (`.tsv`) and BIDS dataset (if available) to generate subject-level [linked data](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Linked_data) that can be encoded in a knowledge graph.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a Neurobagel data dictionary (`.json`) for a dataset can be processed together with the corresponding tabular data (`.tsv`) and BIDS dataset (if available) to generate subject-level [linked data](https://www.w3.org/wiki/LinkedData) that can be encoded in a knowledge graph.
```

We actually want to keep the W3C wiki source in this case, since it's specific for web standards
